Adding a page on scams and security to the accounts guide (#762)
symbol/symbol-docs: source/guides/account/scams-and-security.rst

.. post:: 24 Feb, 2022
    :category: Account
    :tags: wallet
    :excerpt: 1
    :nocomments:

######################
Common Hacks and Scams
######################

> 

Reviewer: I am missing a couple of sentences explaining what this page is about and what you'll learn here.

Author: Proposed text: 
"It should come as no surprise that cryptocurrency users are targeted by a wide variety of scammers and thieves. While some attempts may come in familiar forms like impersonation and misinformation, but the digital nature of cryptocurrencies opens the door to a number of novel approaches. This page is intended to help you ensure the security if your assets by explaining a number of common scams and security considerations. This list is by no means an authoritative list of hacks and scams, and you are strongly encouraged to research the topic further for the sake of your wallet's security."

Reviewer: Looks  good!  Why don't  you  commit it so we can discuss it more comfortably over the actual changes?
For instance "While... but..." does not sound right, and there's repetition of the word "list".

***********

> Key Points

Reviewer: This is kind of a special section. Wouldn't it be cool to highlight it somehow? Why don't you try to play with:

```rst
.. topic:: Key Points

   - **Be extremely cautious**...
```

Just a suggestion! Not mandatory at all.

***********

> - **Be extremely cautious signing transactions when activating delegated harvesting**. A Sweeping scam has actively targeted users in the process of activating delegated harvesting, so make sure to carefully review any transactions you are prompted to sign and diligently check for any included asset transfers to unfamiliar addresses. Never sign a transactions that you do not completely understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Be extremely cautious signing transactions when activating delegated harvesting**. A Sweeping scam has actively targeted users in the process of activating delegated harvesting, so make sure to carefully review any transactions you are prompted to sign and diligently check for any included asset transfers to unfamiliar addresses. Never sign a transaction that you do not completely understand.
```

- **The Symbol Syndicate will never directly message you for customer support** and will never ask for your private key or mnemonic phrase. 
- **Blockchain transactions are irreversible**; it is not feasible to undo a transaction or retrieve your funds once they are sent to a malicious address. 
- **Ensure any backups of your private keys or mnemonic phrases are stored safely and offline** in order to ensure that no one is able to access them and compromise your accounts.

*******************************************
Sweeping with Aggregate Bonded Transactions
*******************************************

What is an Aggregate Bonded transaction?
========================================

Aggregate Bonded transactions can include a variety of elements such as multiple signers, messages, and transfers. New Symbol users may not be familiar with the complex nature of Aggregate Bonded transactions, and must take great care to fully understand the full scope of any transactions they are asked to sign. For more information see :doc:`Aggregate Transaction <../../concepts/aggregate-transaction>`

What is sweeping?
=================

> Sweeping involves a malicious script that monitors certain types of transactions, then initiates a malicious Aggregate Bonded transaction disguised to appear related to the targeted transaction (i.e. by including a relevant message), but which also include a transfer of XYM or other mosaics to the bad actor's wallet. Signing these transactions can completely empty a user's wallet, so please make sure you carefully review before signing any transactions that you did not initiate.

Reviewer: > please make sure you carefully review

We should explain how to do that review, something like "Wallets asking you to sign an Aggregate transaction should provide a means to show the inner transactions you're authorizing by signing the outer one". And maybe examples on how to do this with the Symbol Wallet and the Explorer?

Author: <img width="629" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14351392/157359938-6b423f16-641f-4704-83d6-0965938a8477.png">

Reviewer: Yup! Sound good, and the picture helps a lot (Plus, that page needed pictures 😄).

> It may not be immediately apparent that you've been hacked by a sweeper. If you assumed that the transaction you signed was part of a process you were completing, you may also assume that your balance has been reduced by a stuck transaction, pending activation of delegated harvesting, or that your balance was transferred to a delegated harvesting address linked to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may not be immediately apparent that you've been hacked. The sweeper's goal is that you assume that the transaction you signed was part of a process you were completing, and you may also assume that your balance has been reduced by a stuck transaction, pending activation of delegated harvesting, or that your balance was transferred to a delegated harvesting address linked to your account.
```

Just to make extra clear that THAT is NOT what happened.

What could a sweeping attack look like?
========================================

> - You begin Delegated Harvesting activation by propagating the 'Link all keys' transaction to the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You begin Delegated Harvesting activation by propagating the 'Link all keys' transaction to the network.
```

- The bad actor's script detects this transaction and sends you an Aggregate Bonded transaction. This transaction might include a message related to harvesting such as "Delegated-№234567" as well as a transfer of XYM to an address controlled by the bad actor. 
- Your wallet sees the Aggregate Bonded transaction included in a subsequent block and prompts you with the option to review and sign it.
- You choose to sign the transaction, and your XYM balance is reduced by the transaction amount (typically all or nearly all of your XYM).

********
Spoofing 
********

What is spoofing?
==================

Spoofing involves hiding or disguising identity to enable malicious activity, literally spoofing the identity of the malicious party to make it believable and appear trustworthy. 

What could a spoofing attack look like?
========================================

> A spoofing hack will target private key or  mnemonic phrase (also known as your secret recovery phrase or seed phrase), as this can be used to restore your wallet and will provide a hacker with access to your private keys and the wallet's contents. Symbol wallets are a non-custodial , meaning you are responsible for keeping your private keys and mnemonic phrase secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A spoofing hack will target private key or mnemonic phrase (also known as your secret recovery phrase or seed phrase), as this can be used to restore your wallet and will provide a hacker with access to your private keys and the wallet's contents. Symbol wallets are a non-custodial, meaning you are responsible for keeping your private keys and mnemonic phrase secure.
```

A spoofing attack might go something like this:

> - You ask a question on Twitter or in the XYMCity Discord server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You ask a question on Twitter or in the XYMCity Discord server.
```

This scenario is just an example, and similar events could play out across any social media platform, messaging service, forum, or otherwise on which you share information publicly. 

How can I protect myself from spoofing attacks?
================================================

The Symbol Syndicate will never directly message you for customer support, and will never ask for your private key or mnemonic phrase. Anyone asking you for contact information, your secret recovery phrase or details of your support issue outside of the Discord helpdesk channel is a potential scammer and should be ignored and/or reported.
Be vigilant. If it looks like it might be a scam, it probably is. Always be observant and keep a lookout for suspicious, telltale signs. These could include:

- Requesting personal information, including anything from your name, the value of your wallet's holdings, or even your private key, which you should never, ever give to anyone. 
- Unofficial-looking Twitter handles using underscores, doubled-up letters, and numbers to mimic official accounts. 

> - Official-looking Discord 'about me' details or handles (i.e. SUPPORT_TEAM)
> - Providing links to websites purported to 'validate your wallet' or assist with troubleshooting (excepting known-good sources such as the official Symbol documentation or articles written by Syndicate members)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Official-looking Discord 'about me' details or handles (i.e. SUPPORT_TEAM).
- Providing links to websites purported to 'validate your wallet' or assist with troubleshooting (excepting known-good sources such as the official Symbol documentation or articles written by Syndicate members).
```

.. post:: 24 Feb, 2022
    :category: Account
    :tags: wallet
    :excerpt: 1
    :nocomments:

######################
Common Hacks and Scams
######################

> It should come as no surprise that cryptocurrency users are targeted by a wide variety of scammers, hackers, and thieves. While some attempts may come in familiar forms such as impersonation or misinformation, the digital nature of cryptocurrencies opens the door to a number of novel approaches. This page is intended to help you ensure the security if your assets by explaining a number of common scams and security considerations. This list is by no means comprehensive, and you are strongly encouraged to research the topic further for the sake of your wallet's security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should come as no surprise that cryptocurrency users are targeted by a wide variety of scammers, hackers, and thieves. While some attempts may come in familiar forms such as impersonation or misinformation, the digital nature of cryptocurrencies opens the door to a number of novel approaches. This page is intended to help you ensure the security of your assets by explaining a number of common scams and security considerations. This list is by no means comprehensive, and you are strongly encouraged to research the topic further for the sake of your wallet's security.
```

It may not be immediately apparent that you've been hacked. The sweeper's goal is that you assume that the transaction you signed was part of a process you were completing, and you may also assume that your balance has been reduced by a stuck transaction, pending activation of delegated harvesting, or that your balance was transferred to a delegated harvesting address linked to your account.

What could a sweeping attack look like?
========================================

- You begin Delegated Harvesting activation by propagating the 'Link all keys' transaction to the network.
- The bad actor's script detects this transaction and sends you an Aggregate Bonded transaction. This transaction might include a message related to harvesting such as "Delegated-№234567" as well as a transfer of XYM to an address controlled by the bad actor. 
- Your wallet sees the Aggregate Bonded transaction included in a subsequent block and prompts you with the option to review and sign it.
- You choose to sign the transaction, and your XYM balance is reduced by the transaction amount (typically all or nearly all of your XYM).

> Every Symbol wallet is different; some may not permit users to sign aggregate transactions, others may hide bonded aggregate transactions originating from addresses outside a predefined whietlist (i.e. your contacts), and others may prompt for users for their signature without revealing the full contents of what you are signing. Reviewing aggregate transactions using the `Symbol Explorer <https://testnet.symbol.fyi/nodes>`__ before signing them can provide additional security and peace of mind. Below is an example of a  malicous aggregate transaction that contains a message to a trusted address in the first transaction and an asset transfer to the scammer's address in the second transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Symbol wallet is different; some may not permit users to sign aggregate transactions, others may hide aggregate transactions originating from addresses outside a predefined whitelist (i.e. their contacts), and others may prompt users for their signature without revealing the full contents of what they are signing. Reviewing aggregate transactions using the `Symbol Explorer <https://testnet.symbol.fyi/nodes>`__ before signing them can provide additional security and peace of mind. Below is an example of a malicious aggregate transaction that contains a message to a trusted address in the first transaction and an asset transfer to the scammer's address in the second transaction.
```

>    .. figure:: ../../resources/images/screenshots/Aggregate-transaction.png
>       :align: center
>       :width: 75%
>       :class: with-shadow
>       :target: /_images/Aggregate-transaction.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. figure:: ../../resources/images/screenshots/Aggregate-transaction.png
   :align: center
   :width: 75%
   :class: with-shadow
   :target: /_images/Aggregate-transaction.png
```

The extra indentation adds a white border to the left of the paragraph as if this was a quote. We don't want that.

- **Never share your private key or mnemonic phrase** (also known as your secret recovery phrase or seed phrase) with anyone, and never enter them on any website or potentially malicious wallet. Anyone with your private key or mnemonic phrase has full and unrestrained access to the contents of your wallet.  
- **The Symbol Syndicate will never directly message you for customer support** and will never ask for your private key or mnemonic phrase. 
- **Blockchain transactions are irreversible**; it is not feasible to undo a transaction or retrieve your funds once they are sent to a malicious address. 
- **Ensure any backups of your private keys or mnemonic phrases are stored safely and offline** in order to ensure that no one is able to access them and compromise your accounts.

*******************************************
Sweeping with Aggregate Bonded Transactions
*******************************************

> **What is an Aggregate Bonded transaction?**

Reviewer: This is a "fake header". I prefer using proper headers so that the page structure is shown on the TOC and is easier to navigate. Also, it ensures homogeneity across the docs, and it's easier to maintain.

It should be:

```rst
What is an Aggregate Bonded transaction?
========================================
```

Author: Clarification request - are you recommending that _all_ of these fake headers are converted to headers (i.e. rather than just adding a space per your other 2 comments, also convert them to proper headers)?

Reviewer: Yes, all fake headers should be turned into proper headers. Don't use fake headers anywhere.
AND also add the missing blank lines.

Author: Replaced all fake headers as requested

Be vigilant. If it looks like it might be a scam, it probably is. Always be observant and keep a lookout for suspicious, telltale signs. These could include:

- Requesting personal information, including anything from your name, the value of your wallet's holdings, or even your private key, which you should never, ever give to anyone. 
- Unofficial-looking Twitter handles using underscores, doubled-up letters, and numbers to mimic official accounts. 
- Official-looking Discord 'about me' details or handles (i.e. SUPPORT_TEAM)
- Providing links to websites purported to 'validate your wallet' or assist with troubleshooting (excepting known-good sources such as the official Symbol documentation or articles written by Syndicate members)
- Requests to reach out for support, get in touch, or send a DM. 

Most importantly, **never share your private keys and mnemonic phrase** regardless of how convincing a person/entity may be.

*****************
Clipboard hacking
*****************

> **What is clipboard hacking?**

Reviewer: Missing blank line after header

Author: Fixed!

Symbol addresses are not easily memorized nor typed manually, so many users leverage their device's clipboard to copy and paste a recipient's Symbol address. Clipboard hacking involves malware that intercepts the contents of your clipboard and replaces an address you've copied with an address belonging to the hacker.  When you go to send a transaction and paste the address from your clipboard, the hacker's address is pasted instead of the one you initially copied. 

> **How can I protect myself?**

Reviewer: Missing blank line after header. In the preview you can already see this is not displaying correctly. Please always check the preview :)
